# ICES Methods Working Group

## Bus to Woods Hole

(21 Oct 2017)

Chris Legault recommends taking the Peter Pan Bus to get from the airport
(Boston Logan) to Woods Hole. The bus departs the airport every two hours, the
last one at 19:20. The journey takes around 2.5 hours:

```
Boston  Woods
Logan   Hole
09:20   11:45
11:20   13:45
13:20   15:45
15:20   17:45
17:20   19:45
19:20   21:45
```

Boston | Woods
Logan  | Hole
-------|------
 09:20 | 11:45
 11:20 | 13:45
 13:20 | 15:45
 15:20 | 17:45
 17:20 | 19:45
 19:20 | 21:45

See page 20 in
https://peterpanbus.com/wp-content/uploads/Peter-Pan-Timetable-9-27-2017.pdf for
details.

## The plan

(18 Oct 2017)

Hi all,

Just a quick update on the upcoming ICES Methods working group, meeting in Woods
Hole 13-17 November.

At the meeting, we will identify paper-size topics that are well suited to
analyze and write as teams. When we decide during the meeting which topics will
be pursued by the Methods working group, we will consider things like:

1. Is this topic important for many stock assessment scientists?

2. Is there another working group already working on this topic?

3. How can this be structured into the format of a medium-size journal paper?

4. What kind of work is required, and how much work?

5. Do we have a suitable number of participants that would like to analyze and
   write this together?

6. Who would like to lead this group and what will the role of coauthors be?

So I'm hoping that we will discuss many potential topics during the meeting (and
a bit before and after the meeting). Once we have selected the topics, we will
move them to https://github.com/ices-eg/mgwg and follow the progress to
manuscript submission.

Since many of you cannot make it to the meeting this year, we will make an
effort to involve people in the discussion remotely. I will send another update
in the next couple of weeks when we have an online wiki, to coordinate the
discussion and decide on video conferencing times and format during the meeting.
Until then, feel free to send me ideas that I can put on the initial wiki to get
the discussion started.

Those of you who are coming to Woods Hole 13-17 November, please confirm with
Chris Legault <chris.legault@noaa.gov> and me, so we can choose a suitable
meeting room, get hotel recommendations, etc.

All the best,

Arni

## Letter of Invitation

(30 Sep 2017)

Dear stock assessment experts,

The brand new ICES Methods Working Group will be meeting **13-17 November 2017
in Woods Hole**, and you are invited to attend!

As the Chair of the new WG, my goal is to bring together the best stock
assessment modellers from Europe, North America and elsewhere, to do good
science and have fun together. As a group, we will decide for ourselves which
research topics to pursue. The only message from the ICES leadership to the
group is: aim high and publish your findings.

The objectives of the working group are:

1. Develop and improve stock assessment models and techniques

2. Leverage the international scope of the WG to analyze many models and
   datasets

3. Publish multi-author papers related to stock assessment

The focus will mainly be on single-species models, diagnostics, forecasts,
uncertainty, statistical techniques, innovations, etc.

Specific objectives of this first meeting of the new Methods WG are:

* Identify main research topics

* Form teams

* Formulate papers to publish

We will be especially interested in topics that bring together and compare a
wide range of approaches, methods, and datasets.

---

I realize that 13-17 November is very close, and I apologize for the short
notice. If you are interested but unable to attend this first meeting, do not
despair: the Methods WG will meet annually and the 2018 meeting will be
announced with proper notice. Furthermore, feel free to participate remotely by
proposing research topics and shape the ideas that will continue to develop.

We can start some brainstorming in the weeks before the meeting, but at this
point I want to invite you to participate in the ICES Methods WG. Feel free to
forward the invitation to those you think might be interested. Registration is
simple, just send me an email!

All the best,

Arni
