## PDF

stock              | catage | fatage | maturity | natage | natmort | wcatch | wstock
------------------ | ------ | ------ | -------- | ------ | ------- | ------ | ------
faroe plateu       | x      | x      | x        | x      | x       | x      | x
georges_bank       | x      | x      | x        | x      | x       | x      | x
gulf_of_maine      | x      | x      | x        | x      | x       | x      | x
gulf_of_maine_2013 | x      | x      | x        | x      | x       | x      | x
iceland            | x      | x      | x        | x      | x       | x      | x
nafo2j3kl          | x      | x      | x        | x      | x       | x      | x
nafo3p             | x      |        | x        |        |         | x      | x
ne_arctic          | x      | x      | x        | x      | x       | x      | x
w_baltic           | x      | x      | x        | x      | x       | x      | x

***

## CSV

stock              | catage | fatage | maturity | natage | natmort | wcatch | wstock
------------------ | ------ | ------ | -------- | ------ | ------- | ------ | ------
faroe plateu       | x      | x      | x        | x      | x       | x      | x
georges_bank       | x      | x      | x        | x      | x       | x      | x
gulf_of_maine      | x      | x      | x        | x      | x       | x      | x
gulf_of_maine_2013 | x      | x      | x        | x      | x       | x      | x
iceland            | x      | x      | x        | x      | x       | x      | x
nafo2j3kl          | x      | x      | x        | x      | x       | x      | x
nafo3p             | x      |        | x        |        |         | x      | x
ne_arctic          | x      | x      | x        | x      | x       | x      | x
w_baltic           | x      | x      | x        | x      | x       | x      | x
